gh-144128: Fix crash in array.fromlist with reentrant __index__ (#144138)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Security/2026-01-22-10-18-17.gh-issue-144128.akwY06.rst

> Fix a crash in array.fromlist() when an element’s __index__ method mutates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a crash in :meth:`array.array.fromlist` when an element's :meth:`~object.__index__` method mutates
```
